U
uh
I'll give you a lot of crashes .
It's even more beautiful.
4 Take a look at the left side .
Now, take a look at the right.
It is a poor forest. Our reporters How long does it feel to be in the domestic stage?
I would like you to speak to me once in a while.
I came to visit you with Kara's regular album.
Example, and even a little tteolrigi much interregnum really in my album, as yet
We really can not get to the songs we've worked so hard
Our album is two of these albums and you can use it a lot
I will.
i 3 The third regular album of Kara 3 came out of Korea.
I have a lot of affection and a lot of effort than other albums
My sister.
All the members really half with care since no one really from nohyeon
You have really participated in music video concepts and costumes.
Look'd want'm just another short time under normal three houses really that hard
I'll show you how it looks .
Yes, I'm really busy, so I'm ready to have a lever-over lever.
Even if I try hard to show such a good shape,
I tried, and I thought that I would like to see the picture.
This word now onge the lead part in the English language something very highly doeseo
Excited and, I think I'd look good later in the 0 blinks
4 Everyday 3 When we prepare our electric house,
The closer I get to expecting, the more I feel like 5 members,
So now we have more preparation for our combat
I have prepared a new look for the sword so far, so please expect a lot.
I will do my best Too nervous I'm so nervous as to comeback after a long time,
And we are so happy to be able to produce our third house of electricity.
If you would put it a little public reaction so that the first time we used as much as
Please see our prohibited yippeuge I do'll keep 5 Now jab in Japan
It's been a while since the circle
Besides five thousand
I 'm getting a lot more love than I thought ,
Parents have something to love with objective data
I am so thankful and happy to be able to see the evidence.
And if I really like the Tokyo Dome performances from when we prepare for Japan
Because you think about your dream in your debut, you always thought about it someday.
I want you to think that if made at least once
Yes